what up Kobe meet my friend Jeremy Lin
he just dropped 38 on your head for the
win they call him taiwan stockton or
jerry nice but it no matter what you
call him cuz the dudes a beast he was
sleeping on his brother's couch waiting
for a chance like em face middle school
to waiting for word dance but the
beautiful thing is he knew we would kill
it diana show the world that is time to
thrill it and now we stick in game
winners and he's passing with precision
are you watching LeBron you can keep
your decision we got a point guard
superstar with extra msg i'm talking
20,000 crazy scream injera
New York loves you jami lynn jami lynn
hey keep on callin jeremy lin sometimes
a rhythm meets a perfect rhyme and
sometimes a player meets a perfect place
in time i'm talking superintend own
extent assists seven games ago man i
couldn't picture this the coach was
getting fired and the team is doing
nothing so they turned to jeremy lin and
then all the sudden is fast break ally
you plyn and chandler hooking up the
next fortune cookie says the future is
looking up lucky number 17 if you know
what I mean it's the gear of Jeremy Lin
New York loves you Jeremy then Jeremy
Lin
keep on fallin Jeremy Lin forgave us
father for we have Lind it's been a
while since we felt so proud so you'll
have to excuse us if the four starts
shaking and the garden gets a little bit
loud and come playoff time we'll go on a
spring rolls that mellow standing tall
Lynn crash into the hole and they're
loving each other and they're moving the
ball and playing lockdown d behind the
Geralyn wall and would it shock you with
this Rising Sun kept ascending and the
kid from California wrote a Hollywood
ending about the one who wasn't wanted
just to take in his licks and brought an
NBA title to the New York Knicks
New York loves you jammies and
jamie-lynn hey who loves you Jaclyn
New York loves you Jeremy Lin
Gamelyn keep on falling Jeremy Lin